Piastri has dominated everything he has done earlier. From F4 to f2
Wc in all categories
Would definitely learn this new car faster
W11 was a beast
Rocket on rails
Will never happen sadly
In all this chaos u forget u are still aiming to drive at the pinnacle of the sport. Maybe these guys know that they could get a seat in other formats of racing. Also he's loaded already. It's not an L , just disappointment ig
They should announce it already. 
What I meant is. He's already competing at the highest level in racing. But fighting for more/wins. Didn't say it's disappointing. He can always do something else if there is situation where no one signs him. For people like us , feeling bad for daniel not being in formula 1 is stupid.. he is in this position due to his own choices. It's disappointing he's not at the top anymore winning like before.
How long is this summer break
Kimi
https://nypost.com/2022/08/09/ferrari-recalls-17-years-worth-of-cars-over-possible-brake-failure/amp/
Why r fans even using Twitter.
Nothing good ever comes from that platform 
Even Chris medland posts are put here by pranav and others.
Id prefer such groups and Instagram anyday.
Had to be either a mercedes or a rb fan
no wonder elon is hesitating to buy 
Hope no rain this year.. should be a good race
Is he talking about himself 
Maybe one day when lewis retires they could be better friends 
Mercedes have won for so long they got very cocky very soon.
It's time Ferrari and rb come back up again.
Does max prefer oversteer ? Heard this somewhere long ago
I mean a little bit..
Since last season his cars rears tend to slide around , visually atleast..
Interesting.
At first I thought he doesn't have the right balance but he keeps winning with this setup
Maybe even gets more temp on tyres that way considering the sliding around
Let's gooo
Atleast now they must announce about piastri
Raining this weekend at spa wtf ?
Both days 
https://youtu.be/txP754Hy3pA
I swear.
Thursday is press con. Lot of updates i believe , should be worth it. Friday fp1 Jesus is back in Haas. New track reveal
So just one more day
What? I thout spa !
Ah well.
He's won multiple times and was once a rb driver.. and the big personality or else yeah..
One Baku race and imola vs seb and this driver dive bombs.
Alpine is his best choice
Must be running his tattoo 
Rubbing*
They know questions will be asked about it tomorrow. Might as well reveal it beforehand
They'd wait until end of season as otmar has made it a legal issue for piastri
Until that's sorted.. they can't announce
Rb did not fuck up with their car. They were using Renault engines which were failing frequently. And Daniel chose to go with them instead. Was he poached ? Yes. Christian didn't want him to go. Rb were not ready clearly. They tried their luck with gasly albon in the coming years.
Yeah i get a feeling max would relax after 2 titles.. but u never know.
I read and watched every interview he gave after Abu Dhabi last year and every statement he gave, he had no intentions fully, like 100% to come and win again. But here we are , he knows he has a car.. and he's going for it..
I even noticed max seemed to have gained weight this season.. lol this is totally based on photos.. I'm not sure.. but he looks different
The pressure was unreal. Lewis did not make it easy. This season its so calm.
nope, what is it ? reduced weight ?
Yeah the black sweater is 
Max looks Mexican
https://youtu.be/_MLzH-stpcc
Audi x sauber
Niceeee.
Brackley
So yeah Germany would be first.
Rbpt UK Milton Keynes.
Porsche is next 
How long until fp1
Guys I have a silly question. So Audi will manufacture the power unit. The engine also right ? Or since the specifications for the engine is same for all cars. Meaning 1.6l 1000bhp , it's standard ?
Is the engine "standard" same ?
Or manufacturers like mercedes Ferrari rbpt make changes
Like i get all drive the V6 hybrid. Is the hybrid part the only difference ?
So true
True again.

Gravel
And some beautiful strat from ferrari
Perfect combination
It's raining still
Lewis was 11th in fp3 doubt it.
Yeah no tyre temps that's all I heard too.
Hope it's a dry quali
Stroll for pole 
13 mins
Raining

What was dangerous with tsunoda ?
So everyone has the new floor from this race right ?
Pushed it all the way ig
Perez on pole
What what what
Did they fuckup his tyres
So no fresh ones for the actual race ?
Broo
He could let's wait
Driving on Slow mode
Feel bad for charles.
Sergio time deleted ?
Smart to save tyres rb
Unlike Ferrari
Slow down lap. Nvm
Still lost time.. tow didn't work
Yeah perez better be on pole now
Wtf is it max on pole from the pit
They are worse than before.. what havoc
I even took a picture of it

8 years this must the biggest gap
They tolerate him at this point.
Either of the mercs mess with a McLaren or alpine . That's my wild prediction.. 
.
I'm borderline nervous with every driver on the grid suggesting that " oh let's see how far off we finish from max " his pace was incredible sure.. but there are fewer laps today in the entire race. 43 ? Ig.. sure he will overtake a few cars but anything can happen
Also he took pole from the pits , when was the last time we saw that ?
6 tenths ahead. In 1 run.
Didn't even wait for track evolution
Yeah they are so confident about their package. Mainly because max dominated the practice sessions also.. Leclerc was nowhere close.. he's got a new pu also
Yeah sure. It's more or less the same.. rb has got the top speed to comfortably lead
So much.. only safety cars could give them a competitive edge.. and some really good strategy..
But merc look slow. So atleast one Ferrari driver gets podium
Fernando can be top 5
When was the last time he started with a penalty ?
He didn't even finish top 5 i believe.
Canada p5
He started p20
Yup
New pu for yuki
He deserves a seat next year
Lol
Told yal
Yeah it's okay.. lewis fault
Fuck that
Perez better be awake
Fernando no damage it seems
Glad
Too ambitious
Generally he waits
Oh the memes
What is max on!!!!
It's like everyone else is driving F2 cars
Lewis dnf. Who will they penalise ?
Are they forcing Sainz to pit
Yeah it worked
Pressure from both bulls Ferrari pits
George.. wow..
Respecccc
Max in drs 
They're afraid 
It's best to let drivers decide on strategy
Righhttt good for him
Vettel p7 pretty good for aston
What did max say ?
Why isn't Leclerc pushing.. new components
How can they not catch a mercedes !
They've even given him mediums
He admits.. good job
Damn baguette
What a move

Lol this is a joke
Stealing fastest lap from who and for what ?
Why did he slide like that
Scary
Max got the fastest lap
Charles Leclerc speeding in pitlane
But not on track
Whatttttt
5 sec
Nando p5
Brooooo
Legends 
Charles should move to mercedes that's enough
Lewis retires Charles in
This is bullshit.. waste of his talent..
At this rate max wins a race or two early.
So p6 right
Who was 7 8
Fernando was pointing fingers at lewis in the safety car lap.. lol
Fernando was sprayed with oil after the crash..
Luckily it was lap 1 so I don't think it was hot..
True
Just imagining ways a F1 driver can get hurt.. it's crazy
Lewis could have engine damage. Or something that serves him a penalty in future
Man was elevated
If they were sponsored by oil giants and automobile constructor's maybe they would 
Charles was 81kmph
Just 1 kmph extra
In the pitlane
A bit harsh on the penalty.
Mario kart
Haha yeah
TD hurt the Ferrari more than rb it seems..?
They can't be so off the pace especially with new components
Is that a neck brace
Records are meant to be broken
With more races per year it was supposed to happen
Not really.. max lewis bottas were looking good last year
Are u p9 or p10 - question
It's happening 
https://www.instagram.com/reel/ChfWqfJD17C/?igshid=MDJmNzVkMjY=
This season doesn't even come close to last year
Every race was incredible
Silly season indeed.
Nope. There was an actual battle on lap 1 every race ! Both merc and rb had good strategies and had a plan of action. It was super competitive. Also masi made it so interesting with the penalties and decisions.
Every race someone shared 10 PDFs in this group chat on news from the FIA
Ferrari has given up for the season. It's just preparation for next season now.
Bro. Max had a lot of poor starts , lewis was on it. Everyone just prayed they didn't touch wheels. Yes battle !
Time to fit in the Brazil power unit 
From last year
George would be in contention of a championship battle before Leclerc if merc are stronger next season
So consistent
New car, regs.. always managing well..
Would like that honestly
New car since he came from a Williams.
Although he had driven it before..
If mercedes had the same car this season. Who would win.. ferrari or mercedes
With lewis and George. And all the experience they bring
Do u see them making the same mistakes
Yeah but u get the point right..
If mercedes find the deficit pace next year. It's merc vs rb again
Lewis will be on and off podiums
Let's see , i don't see him winning another championship.
I could be wrong but doesn't seem like he would now...
With everyone elbows out and a fairly descent car..
Extremely good car.. like the rb
Can't blame him. He's always driven a near perfect car last 5 seasons
Only a certain tracks didn't suit them.. or else they were always pushing and in podiums
Check lewis insta story.
Someone called him an idiot.
Mans hurt 
That Ferrari intiative against cyber bullying and racist comments is a month old now.. he shared it again to make a point obviously
Fia*
Should delete Ferrari  what nonsense autocorrect 
Schumacher leaving Ferrari ? Confirmed i guess
Well, he took the L in his username
Someone's crashing for sure
They will announce tomorrow right ? Alpine regarding next year
Media isn't dumb it's clickbait
Even if Oscar loses this case. How is it possible that alpine take him. Will he be on good terms with otmar. ?
I can't believe a scenario if they win, they keep him.. it's just about the money I believe
Can't take money from him and ask him to be ur driver. 
Gasly to alpine muscle 
Max verstappen is now an officer
Sir lewis , officer max


https://youtu.be/9Tk77M54KxM
Gasly to alpine. Mic to alpha tauri
So they reduce speed but not cause gravel to be on track
Is that correct ?
Resin like material. ?
Interesting.
Full throttle banking with drs . So just make it easier for max effectively
How long until fp1
We want smoke 
Beach is so close. Should be windy anyway
Yes! Races get cancelled or moved , they don't update. Same issue.
I ask for timings here 
Transmission smoked
In his 3rd lap ig. Didn't do any further runs.
Clearly. Bothered merc,Ferrari, maybe haas instead.
Alpine  doing well
Lol so otmar gets no compensation ?
They should get him on the radio in fp2
Hotstar issue anyone ?
It was live sometime ago 
Yes 
Delayed
He knows he's good. Also backed by good sponsors. Has won almost every championship he's been a part of. With alpine , he did an internship. Job offer from McLaren
He must have noticed something in alpine , or the money who knows. But yea I get ur point.. he was an investment from alpines end.
Fair point
Were they planning to make him a reserve driver ?
J.Button said it's too early for piastri to be making F1 enemies this early.
Saw the whole thing.. he was grilled with questions
Who gets pole
I think Charles or sainz 
Max had it difficult throughout..
What is this quali 
Ikr!
pretty much the wind affecting the speeds and gaps now
He gave up on his lap
Super. Merc look strong here
Might just outpace ferrari
Idiots
Could ruin a lap, damage a car.
It's the best gp to be at arguably
I'm terms of experience
Mate i don't know.. just repeating what I heard from max and Daniels performance coach.
On a pod
This is more like a festival too. Party scenes and Dutch are known to have good music festivals.
Closer to Amsterdam
This guy is on another level
Let's go maxxx 
Yeah i think lewis had to let go of the throttle
But ferrari brought their A game in q3
Is this edited or real?
At this rate they will have another circuit in America and scrap a european circuit
I never liked Jeddah so much
Cool setup
No we want a good fight till the end.
I reckon they stop twice
Softs won't last
Hamilton on mediums . Bold move
Looks very dark
test
What the fuckkkkk
He was on the cable ???
Penalty!!!
Yeah! What if the tyre gets damaged
So careless
Seb and Mick were probably chatting next to eachother 
Safety car will change everything
Will max pit
Safety car now pls 
Come on latifi
Perez defence come on!!
Niceee
Let's hear a crying radio now
He shows up !! Did as much as he could.
Lol seb 
He had nowhere to go  seb investigation

Let's gooo

Fuuuuu
Rb should pit 
Stopping !!
Yeayyyy let's goo
Come. On Charles? Why is he not going vroom
Ocon 
Yuki happened
Lot of penalties tonight
Another one
Valterri it's james
Most dng this season i think from valterri
If u count practice also
Softs let's goo
Broo

I hope this is good
Car is basically in qualifying condition
Low fuel
Almost new softs
Ham pits
Chaossss
I need to see the highlights
Idk what is happening anymore
Is ferrari even in the championship
Penalty night
Lapped cars trauma
And lewis is P1 
Is he right behind me
On new tyres
Rb has the pace come on!!
12 laps
Loooooll
They want the 2-3
Waved him bye
Finishing ahead of Ferrari. Still a good day for them
What could merc do more ???
Man big F for ferrari
Imagine
We have Nico on the radio today lol
He wanted softs ?? What is he crying about

Sainz didn't slow under yellows , unsafe release..
Not even top 10
He was almost pole
She cute 
At this point looking at the floods in Pak. They need the win.
https://www.instagram.com/p/CiDmpN4hw2X/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=
As expected it's a penalty night..
Many drivers called to stewards
Binotto will never accept fault
Only pace an issue according to ferrari
Interesting thing is.. this is kinda like Abu Dhabi.. rb trust max and his ability to overtake.. they sacrifice his track position and make him pit for softs.. whereas lewis on mediums.. yet again stays out.
Imagine these theories if it was gasly instead of latifi last year, last race.
TG it was a Williams 
Colton is taking his seat, he's going alpine next year.
We should know by next week
Who got fastest lap
Who is willeard

I guess as per the starting grid position it's not considered?
What a beautiful answer
He's really championship material 
It's simple. If u make fun of lewis or max. In a way ur suggesting that the other driver has no talent and wins only because of the car.. respect between competitors is necessary. Or ur fav driver is like any other driver.
I'm yet to hear hamilton saying max has driven well this season.. he knows it. He won't say it.. max has no ego admitting it.
Since the start of the season hamilton has said it's the car. The redbull " car " is fast.
When we all know the deficit between max and perez.
Let's say it's 50-50 and move on.
Or else , daniel would have a seat today
He better finish P2 in the championship
U also share 
But he doesn't have a good reason as excuse for the decisions his team makes. Or its too private for the rest of us
She giggled between a pressure situation, toxic fans hated that..
Also has been doing a steller job in strategy so is quite in the limelight. Unacceptable behaviour
This message was deleted
I think we need a safety car 
Let it go guys. This is not why this group was made. We have Twitter for this.
Last season the steward drama made it interesting ngl
Except the toxicity between fans
Good suspense towards the end
Staying up late at night to read a pdf from fia
If he finishes in points would be legit fun
Hope it rains. 
I mean he did he say he was confused
He's never won monza
5th at best.
Last year rb had the pace for a podium atleast.. but they messed up with his pit stop, his outlap was slow
And then we all know what happened
Ferrari could be lucky with the yellow or super unlucky , fingers crossed
Have to be.  They are taking a step backwards every race
He is sick
Max too right ?
Oh nvm
Is this the last change until the end of season ?
I doubt reliability are still major concerns at rb. Why the frequent changes
Maybe so.. i hope the reasons are for the better
Monza is easy overtaking on the straights.
He can finish 1st with pitlane start. Not worried
Meh
Drs train issue is very midfield specific
P1 to p5 not an issue
Can ferrari win this 
1:22:4 is good!
Soon we will say "are rb sandbagging" 
I mean it could be.. their fresh new engine blew up in Bahrain
Maybe it's some conservative mode
Mercedes 
https://youtu.be/-1zFzWPNcqo
so nyck has driven 3 different cars in the last few months
aston mercedes and williams
Schumacher ocon magnussen max perez lewis
Penalty
Who else 
 another day another max pole
Still gets the tyre
And the record ? Is that in the books
https://youtu.be/qTVtutHv7eA
Yes
They've turned it on for the car exhaust audio
Ferrari go brrr
1-2
Rb missing a few tenths
McLaren competitive
Ferrari rear wing working.. good for them
Medium stint rb is faster
Only way to win this
Especially for overtakes u need a fast car on mediums
This is not correct right ?
How's max p4
With a 5 place grid penalty
2+5 p7 no?
So many penalties 
How long until race
6.30 ist right ?
P3 already
Maxxxx
Perez 
So unfortunate
If the fire doesn't go out
He will
Break bias now -2
I think it's not.. but let's see
Towards they end that medium will suffer..
Nha he's using engine breaking
Instead of heating the breaks
Lol maxs gf yawning in the back 
Should max pit for soft
Bro Leclerc is already on soft
And he is catching max soon.
Old sets ?
Damn.. should have given him mediums then
Race won't resume ig
Max Sainz new rest old
Nicee
Scrub soft gp said on radio
Clutch disengages gear no??
Oh ok
Perez gotta do what max did last year
Nicee
Same number of dnfs as Abu Dhabi right ?
Boooooringgg
Nyck 
Max would have won this either way.. who are we kidding.. 
No mate.. not even close.
Yeah exactly.. 17+ seconds
He wasn't catching max either way..
So deserving..
Eat Daniels he won't need them 
Like it will bother them at this point 
It has begun
I read a board in the crowd binnotto out
So they hate him as much as we do 
Red plus yellow is orange. 
Thanks tifosi

Ferrari strat good.. but not great.
This race was a snooze fest
Compared to last year
Ferrari was not competitive on race pace.. others were just slower than them.
So Singapore dnf for charles.. 
True. But I hope atleast mercedes find some pace to challenge max.
Max has had a faultless season
It was over by now 
So ideally he gets Williams seat first and then graduates to mercedes
shit
Hope he makes fulls recovery
Why didnt fia red flag the race. ?
Ending behind a safety car not fun
Just red flag it then. Last 10 laps if a car breaks down in a tough spot. Red flag , coz I guess adding more laps would be a fuel and weight concern
Well this needs to change. U get sporting regulations or entertainment.. middle ground is to keep both parties happy.
Anyway max was faster , wouldn't have mattered but still..
He should have red flagged it
Lewis and max both get fresh tyres
Would have been fair
Why so ? If u have them use them
Ferrari actually fucked up on strategy. It just doesn't look as bad since we expect the worst already.
I watched the post race show. They were suffering from high deg already
They made poor choices yesterday also
Why just Charles and max.. think about George perez. Lewis..
This isn't about P1 only
Fair
Tell this to lewis.. 
Either he doesn't pit or he hates the idea of drivers gaining an advantage from red flags.. Jeddah, turkey are just examples of it.
Hungary also I think
Knowing that u have a faster car and a driver like lewis.. they should take such risks
He's here to stay in the sport for another two years minimum..
Next year its three way battle
Ferrari will have better reliability hopefully and perform on specific tracks.. rb will be in the mix always since they are already few tenths up. Mercedes will improve.
Still is.. Russell is the faster than lewis this year.. he's adapted to the car better than lewis imo.
Just based of the number of years spent in F1 and a new team for him.. Russell is doing a mega job driving a bouncy car. I see him winning a championship atleast once if he has the car
So consistent
Just watching videos from last season. Max looks lean
His face has stress all over it.. or maybe he just gained some weight this season..
But he looked different..
That's the thing right.. u need that agression for a championship..
Charles is soft
Can u say that given the same car , Charles vs lewis.. last year..
Can charles win ?
Tough to say
When his contract ends he's going to mercedes 
Hulk n kmag in Haas !? 
Balls will be sucked 
This can be a nice printer ad
HP should pick it up
What 
Oh yeah! Same font has the one below. Definitely fake
Instagram crashed ?
Is it working for you guys
He means Austin ?
Audi x Alfa Romeo ?
Brooklyn Beckhams ex
3 tens
Perez with reliability issue ?
Lewis
Happened behind him, he didn't slow down
Yea someone will crash tonight
Lol y
I have to say I would be to. He's already guilty before anything is proven. March 2022 they submitted the accounts, it took them this long to come up with these accusations ? Who even started them ? Every social media account is naming aston and rb to have had exceeded the cap. Espnf1, autosport. Everyone..
Toto also not holding back with his comments. 

That amg looks sick in the rain
It has a special floor
Exactly 
Did ferrari forget what they do in 2019
Merc i understand they salty
Charles  engine issues

This again
No
But it could
They r going out on inters 
Max still winning this 
If it's dry and clean without SC issues
No doubt he gets it done. 
I mean fans asked for it..
I read a comment on the max outburst when he was asked to box. " No budget for the fuel anymore " 
Delayed ??
What??!!?
Why?
Bruhh
Not working
this works thanks bru
 whenn
It's still the formation lap
Are they repairing ?
Hotstar is a dick. Think their contract only allows them to show the main race.
Thanks for link 
Singapore never finishes under the time limit. I read somewhere..
It always exceeds the time limit
2hr plus.
26 mins until lights out..
To Russell
He crashed bottas
Brilliant
Max should have had a better start.
Whoaaa
Finally some entertainment
This battl should be interesting
BnO flat pls
Flag*
2.8
Daniel 
Free stop

Let's go Lando..
Whyyyy
The heat got to his head or what
Now lewis and max 
Softs.. come on!!!!
Perez doing a mega job .
Man max fucked up
This is. On him
Win was not possible but p5-p6 was easy
Ik ik
When lewis had inters in first half of the race. " Wrong tyre c1.txt c2.txt cleaned.txt media media.cpp outfile1.txt test test.cpp WhatsApp Chat with F1 - Copy.txt wow.sh
Now with mediums.. wrong tyre
What does he want 

Finish ahead of hamilton now max..
Let's gooo
Give us fans something 
No one noticed aston in 6-7
Lol
Hahaha
Break test the car behind 
Vet ham verstappen. Wow
Perez imo
Vettel
Max doesn't have grip or what.. drs train..
They're betting on him to get penalised ig
Yaaaassssssss


Ham got ptsd

7.6
Street circuit 
Places his car well. Defends like a champ
Maxxx!!!
Let's goooo
Could have been a 1-2.
Ferrari dropped pace towards the end

Rb 1-2 and it's over.
Mexican national anthem was looong..
Just like this race
Nicholas got a grid penalty for japan
Wtf 
5 place 
https://youtu.be/zrCIuUkFO3M
Ham fined 25k$
For the nose stud
Slightly worried
Heart rate go brrrrr

UPDATE: The FIA wont conclude analysis of financial submissions today. New date given is Monday 10 October #F1
It's raining 
Everybody talks here as if they work with fia  and have the audited bills. Relax
U know only what's been disclosed by media, rb representatives
And rumours from different sources.
The entire contract can be read in different ways by law. If not worded correctly.
The contract is never public information.
So everybody calm down.
Obviously.
After checo leaves double Dutch delight
Haas is taking time. They would probably disclose something in Austin. Decide when the dust settles in the driver market. Steiner wants someone experienced, so don't expect a rookie joining.
Williams will have a rookie most probably.
? It's wrong why the 
We have a dry quali
Reserve role most likely..
Haas will get someone like hulkenberg
Maybe Williams 
Bruh what's ferrari doing with Charles car
Who isn't..  he deserves it
Well, we will see next year
Rb has Activated v tec flyiny
Yea first run on mediums
Vet 

sergiooooo
4 tens up!!
Aloo
Just made it
Locked up
Race pace should be good
Fuck
That was scary
Putting heat in tyres
Idk what made him do that
Yea he slowed down for a gap between him and rb.. then went full speed
Yeah it's fine. As it was an outlap.. had it been a quali run it should have been a grid penalty for sure..
Lol yeah
Think he could have gone faster in sector 1
Fml
Weight reduced 
Diffuser broke
Towards a British driver u mean
Lando and max are . No investigation necessary 
Latifis fault
Even with a 5 place grid penalty max can pass the competition.
Did anyone improve on their final run ?
Hope the damage to the car isn't big and can be repaired in parc ferme
Wet race 100%
We won't see slicks today
Crofty 
Facts
We know he's good in wets
Holyyyyyy
Ballssss
Maxxx
Sainzzz
Noo
Bruhhh
Lap 1 ladies and gentlemen
Vet no damage right ?
10 mins
Max opening fifa packs
Why was gasly so angry
Someone tweet at karun
Rolling start 15 min
Not raining anymore
Are we gonna get full points should be the question
Did they forget about jules
Learnt nothing from it. So much for safety.

If this was pre 2015 we would have started
stay positive guys 
Sprint race pls
Don't call it off
https://twitter.com/bdotsenol/status/1578995810037280768?t=hLm0Z9-QKAv7C7WhYMAAwA&s=08
1 hr to go
I must say even with this weather. Japanese people have their spirits up. Still smiling and celebrating
Racee resumes let's goooo
Latifi should win this 
Mick clearing water for everyone
LEC has fastest lap since past 5 mins. Still the gap is increasing between him and max
How ?!
Ah right..
Damn ocon defending for life
Hoping for Race wins.
Perez s message to europe

Russell would have gone past baguette by now
Ham not in his element
Ocon also just v good
Nando pits
Come on checooo
Oooo almost
yeah
This should be like football. +5 over time 
What a race
Perez p2
Alonso overtake must be insane
They didn't show it though
Leclerc tyres look like slicks fuck
Ocon dotd
LEC under investigation
5 sec penalty
Perez p2
Confirm
Yess
Official
P3
Lfgoooooooo
Let's savour the moment
All questions will be cleared
Cry

I'm kidding dude
Ferrari to protest the penalty
I heard it in post race interview
Don't know if they would change their mind
Are decisions swayed based off the country u are in ? I understand stewards change every race. Did they want to finish the championship in Japan on intention. Who knows. But Charles battled all the way with checo within a second. He can't go offtrack and keep position. He had to be second.. if this was early on in the race they'd let it slide
No radio at the end of the race.. feels odd. Need proper celebrations or atleast donuts
Charles and perez for P2 in championship
Separated by 1 point.
Max should just win in Austin with fastest lap and Christian on radio.. come on..
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/754641540332257284/1028605475622748230/20221009_152048.jpg
This is bs
This track only requires straight line speed. He should take a penalty , start last and finish 1st . Easy
How much will the next season change. ? Will ferrari and mercedes close in on the pace deficit?
Rb already had an inferior car on a single lap pace this season
No race wins for merc this season
Rb will try everything for that
He's a good driver who needs a consistent car and strategy. Only then he has a chance for the championship
Yup , the moment he reached parc ferme I noticed it.. he defended the best he could
Poor setup for ferrari. No front grip
So another 3 hours
Still discussing masi are we?
Masi for the Haas seat
Best lineup
Will latifi try other racing formats ?
Deduct 112 points from max this season. Let's get racing.
Silverstone. Hamiltons fault. They needed an extra of everything 
With the profit they're raking this year. Pennies
Did they forget how much they paid under the table in 2019
Where did Charles get these poles from..
Adrian can just paint some Flo vis and and upgrade the car. Still win 
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CjiqP-_jvav/?igshid=ZjJiMWE1MWQ=
That's what's happened most likely.
Teams must have accruals. Cost centers for every department. A little complicated but it is possible
An account with 145 million pounds , and u can only spend from that account..
All nostro Vostro charges can be excluded
Well yea thats another discussion. Should u be including all that ? Why must salaried employees be fired. Is 145 enough.. all that jazz
Also disclosing salaries, money for each part. All that should be tight knit. Is fia even capable to handle all that
Hand it over to a custodian bank
God knows how they calculate everything
R&D ?
Salaries, logistics
That contract is fairly new. This isn't something that's the same for past 10 years
Loopholes
It's about pushing boundaries and finding margins
How else will cars go vroom
True. I looked up and they announced at the bottom of the screen with a headline saying max champion. So confusing..
He went back in the cooldown room still not believing he won.. so weird. Austin would have been amazing to announce it..
Them letting us know it's just going to be a few million dollars in fine.

This is so good
Crazy skill to imitate voices and accents like that
Vrum Brum
Yeh he is pretty quick
Like George won everything back in his time
Yeh, Hamilton could have won so many races, like break seb record and all but he was sleeping (jk boys)
"But that's because they have more races now and race in different places "
Still crazy
Max Singapore win when ?
Charles can still win
But Ferrari can't mess up
Brothers think with me
First is 25 points, second is 17 (I think)
So 7 points diference
7*9=63
So if max doesn't always finish second, it is still possible
Bruh, at least the calculation was right 
Ahahaha so true
Nah
He can wait 600000 years for redbull seat
He is still young
Lel
If you are homeless just buy a house
Is way more complex than it
It's streaming in the official site brother
I think
What happened to Romain ?
He started P2 finished p14
Ah what a sheme
FEA
Mate, this is your best one so far, crazy job man, looks so sick. The light, the reflexes, the overall design. Crazy job man. You have some real tallent man keep going.
Do you have a site or something ? Where you show your designs and all that stuff ?
Buy asseto Corsa competizione 
Wait for steam sales
Yes
You have some dlcs of tracks if you want
There are using league races with for example 8 races (2 tracks are dlc) but only the 6 best races count for the championship, so you don't need to buy the dlc. But obviously if you buy it you get an advantage. But it depends, play the game, get used to it, choose a cool car for your taste, and then practice with it, it will be your best friend. My best friend is the McLaren 720s gt3, mega oversteery but very strong in medium to high speed corners.
Then try league racing, and buy the dlcs you need/ like for the races
Grande kimi
Could be more
Not today bas
21 mil for piastri
Jinxed
Nah, it will comeback soon
It's just one year off
Ferrari can't have a break
Can't have a brake
People like this don't deserve anything
Couldn't agree more
The coencil has decided his faith
Let me guess ? F1 twitter?
Caus I don't think there is much hate towards Zhou, at least from my side, me and the boys love Zhou 
I just realized twitters algorithm is completely horrible, istead of showing the comments with most likes/ comments first, it shows the ones with like no likes and only comments (the ones that cause drama) I saw a post with like 20 comments all of them were garbage, and the only one with like 80 likes was at the bottom of everything and I needed to click show this comment to see it, what a shame.
Plus if you go to a famous twitter, the first comment will probably have like 20 likes in a 500k likes post.
I believe that's what makes twitter so toxic at the moment
https://youtu.be/OocvlVbzRUo
(the video of the crash
I hope small rain in quali
But not in the race
Yes, everybody though there were cameramans on the ground
Sus
Bruh
Who is amus ?
Amogus ?
Link , I am Gunther Steiner I am the one that knows 
Let me check the news if something is out yet
Time for real slicks
And real rain tyres
I only found this
https://formula1news.co.uk/ex-f1-driver-claims-daniel-ricciardo-will-move-to-haas-as-silly-season-kicks-off/
But it's just a rumour
Personally i don't think it's true
But this article was 10 days ago
Vrum vrum
Yeh the problem is
They need a lot of braking zones to recharge the bactery
They need to put real technology in an fE car
2000HP
Go vrum
But that's not when racing hahahaha
But still, put rimac bacteries to have 2000 HP
True
Really ?
Rimac more like lowrangemac
WORL CHAMPION
Real
You don't need appearances to look atractive
Most people that have gf/ cute girlfriends are not attractive
Posture/ confidence is everything
Yes that's why we have kids
Yo what
Bro I thought you were talking his noose was the size of a baguette I wasn't understanding anything haha
It's an f2 car hahaha
But yes, very cool
He is living the dream
Bruh
If I had 9999999 million, I would do the same
Car go brr
I would try to legalize one but it would be impossible in Europe, maybe in the USA you legalize it in like 1 second haha
Real, roads are just tracks but bigger
Nurburgring is the biggest PRIVATE track
The real track is the road 
Police is the safety car, but instead of being behind you need to be in front off them
British roads are so good you get porpoising even without floor effect
Indians weren't Independent? (Sry for ignorance)
Ah ok hahaha

This os amazing
Idnyou told me it was official I would've believed it
Let's wait and see, only time can tell
F1 twitter
Toto is always cool with lewis and George 
Kvyat has flag, no way haha


XD
Seb didn't know that Kimi was there, if Kimi wasn't there it would be fine, but Ferrari didn't had the engine to compete in the remaining circuits
He was very good, he break the nurburgring record on the warmup lap, then he crashed on his second lap, that's why he has his eye a little bit sleepy.
28
Just joking hahaha
It depends on the driving style
For me I prefer oversteer and a pointy front
A front that turns in
If the rear is unstable I can use it in my favour to rotate the car, but it can betray you sometimes and the car is more unstable.
Understeer the car is more stable, it requires a different type of driving style.
True, seb never liked rear unstable cars, that's why he struggled with the 2014 redbull and 2020 Ferrari
Both cars were rear limited
Seb likes a precise front with a stable rear
Alonso drives anything they give him haha
He is a legend
Yo what ? ahahahahah
So many races, he was so unlucky
Monza
Zandvoort
Both qualifyings were amazing, but he was unlucky in lap 1 o both
He could have finished maybe top 5 on those races, but yeh, unlucky
Don't forget the crazy antibodies
Maybe it's time for seb to return
He should have waited in 2020 to sign for redbill
It would be crazy lineup
In 1923
Only 200 M ?
Not F1 worth
You need to invest 10000000000Billions to be F1 worth
Meanwhile Haas producing a good car with 3 cents

Nice
Very very nice
Must be expensive but hey, it's a first haha
Are u okay mate ?, no injuries ?
XDDDD
Red ?
Isn't the car half red ?
Real
Mazepin in
The real goat

True
But when he has a car focused on him he is amazing
It's normal in the sport
People always say big stuff but they don't know the heat of driving an F1 car at 300 km/h maximum concentration
Put a microphone on the football guys, 99% of what they say it's super super offensive.
Same ideia ahahah
Wow
Zawm
That's not very realistic is it hahaha
Ahahahah
Go and protest to get Hamilton's 8 championship
Meanwhile I will get a way to get Hamilton disqualified in 2017 and 2018 so seb can win

It's realistic
Wait a sec
I will send u
Yes looks like it
Let's see
XD
Nice job F1 boys
Money >>>>>
XD
Crash gate
McLaren p1
Ah i saw this xD
I love this ones
I like the one about how lando could've won the 2021 championship
And he changed like everything
And lando only won by like 3 points
Nah it's Villeneuve, it's normal he always says dramatic stuff to keep relevant
Nice
Ahahahah
Updates ?
Tell that to china money
I can't resist 30 Millions
XD
F1 twitter be like
There is a guy with a profile pick with Jarry (from Tom and Jarry) he always says that but he says: Lewis CARmilton ? Not top 1000000 in my book
Sometimes I hope that these tweets are from bots and not real people 
Imagine if they used that time to for example: run. They would win the Olympics in 2 months of training hahaha
Nah, kmag is a good driver, he is just sleeping 
Lel

Awesome king
Keep going
This was like: they posted: max took out Kimi and Vettel or something like that haha
BRUH XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD

XD
Source now
Yikes what happened to Man U  feel bad for there fans
Wrong its an old GP2 car
However that guy is a legend
Oh 100%
Fuck the police and road laws, race car on the road bitch 
Oh hell yeah
Haha I can imagine me ripping it around single track British country roads
And then end up in a tree probably
Ha
This is so true
I always put this on Seb he should not have cut across the way he did
Bro what have I just read 
So Ive just found out merc are running a special livery this weekend
Remember the last time merc had a one off livery 
I mean Ill be missing the race sadly so I wont be able to see the mess
Nice Ill be getting an operation
Ankle rebuild
I was at karting event and it was pissing it down, I spun off and then somebody after me spun off and went straight into my ankle and shattered it
Hahha amazing 
Would help ya
Mate that was a proper Jeremy Clarkson moment 
Left ankle
Man fuck that 
Id rather have broken nothing

Bruh
The karts are just shopping carts with a rc engine 
Billy is a legend
Defo ankle
How can I play F1 22 with 1 working arm
I didnt get it
Wait is the livery shite
What the fuck is that piece of shit
Looks like the Ferrari and Mercedes shagged over the summer brake
I was actually never a fan of this livery I really disliked the silver part of it
I get what your saying that would look better, but for some reason I could never seem to like this livery
For me the best Mercedes livery ever is 2019 
Or even testing 2020 livery
Oh 100%
Best 2022 livery by a mile
Personally Im not a fan of the McLaren however the Alpine is amazing
Haas livery is amazing
Which teams in particular?
Ohh I see
And that I do agree with because I cant think of any ugly liveries past 2019 tbh
I didnt like the 2019 Williams that livery was horrid
Well everything about Williams in 2019 was horrid 
Anyone off to Spa this weekend?
Nice is it your first Grand Prix
Oh enjoy it then my guy
That would suck big time
I was well gutted when it rained at Silverstone as I forgot to pack my rain jacket 
Bruh 
Oh gosh yeah I can take dark humor I make very questionable dark jokes all the time
https://www.instagram.com/p/Chur2vbrKCD/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y= this could be worth a watch
Its aged well
https://www.instagram.com/reel/ChwxPyqsu1d/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y= ok which one of you was that 
Bruh really
I have no idea
Barriers getting repaired because of Porsche Super Cup crash

Reported rain
FUCK FUCK FUCK
Me rn
Well done max for winning 
Wait what did Ferrari do?
My god Ferrari what the fuck are they doing
Mans still salty about 2007
Pain in one picture
I saw something saying that Zandvoort will play into the Mercedes car I think that thats bs
Fr
We aint winning fuck all this year apart from worlds bounciest car
I hate you 
Ok Im actually kinda jealous because I never got that close to any of the cars at Silverstone 
Very lucky
Closest I got to a stationary car was when the 2 Alpha Tauris spun at village
People originally said its difficult to overtake but Perez proved us wrong last year
I think so its certainly difficult on F1 22
Bruh Ferrari 
Ngl the oh look a penny meme is hilarious
Is that the RB Porsche deal
Hahaha amazing
Did you do it or nah
Ahh fair enough
Ooo I like it
I just love the random orange amongst the silver, black, red and blue
W
Bruh #HumanErrorChampion is trending on UK twitter 
I saw that flare on the track
Not cool at all
The pigeons on the track 
No no no I saw it on feed
Id never go to the Dutch GP
Well Ive only ever been to Silverstone and that experience is amazing it feels like a whole festival not just a F1 GP
Oh checo
Yeah there was
Oh Kevin what on earth
True it was
Style points 
Fine rain reported 
I think Crofty meant that theres rain in the air
Sainz slow stop
Perez ran over the wheel gun
This race has me on edge omg
New herds I believe
Hards*
Jenson button just said it could be a merc 1,2
Dont give me hope
Id even take that
Yes lets go hahaha
Ahahahahaha
My boy Yuki 
What is happening
VSC
Bruh
Merc double stack
And there on medium
This could get very spicy
F for Sainz tho
Right phone down its getting good now 
If safety car

Yesssss
What are red bull doing
OH MY LORD!!
However max is on new soft on merc on worn mediums
Is it!?
Yikes thats a nasty failure
Russel
Bruh wtf is happening this race
Nope
What will happen at the restart then
George could be a threat here for max
Fair enough
SC in
12 laps to go
Whatever happens this race has been amazing
Straight through
My god the 2 mercs almost collided
.
He wont max is pulling away
Sainz +5 second penalty
God sometimes its embarrassing being a merc fan
Merc merch in the bin time to order me some Haas stuff

Haha but in reality I could never leave Lewis and Mercedes
With a gravel trap 
That was amazing
Whoever this Ryanair admin is needs a fucking medal 
What have I missed..
I can tell
Bruh
Round 2?
Hahaha
It has begun
Well everything died down very quickly..
The oh fuck time to spends this months paycheque if you live in the UK 
Something about gaslights I dont know
Oh..
LMAOOO
https://twitter.com/frontwings/status/1555109163461640192?s=21&t=y-KobCTnCqpzqaXAUKaAPw haha saw this and it made my laugh  THIS IS ALL A JOKE!!! 
Fucking hell its storming massively in the UK rn just seen the biggest lightening flash ever
I think its travelling across because friends of mine on the western side of the country got storms yesterday
Ha thats clever
First yellow Ferrari since 1961?
https://twitter.com/adadvji/status/1567140676894162945?s=21&t=BVRSlt9iKhfFblwhdZ2rmA dang this shit fire
Looks interesting.
I guess
Speaking of Williams I feel its going to be interesting to watch them this weekend with there rocket ship of a car
So true, they could be in for points this weekend
Yeah because Goatifi gonna win
Sweet Jesus 
Ferrari already taking Ls and the weekend hasnt even started yet
Chuck Leclerc
The yellow really suits the black much better than the red
Hahaha
I dont think itll be Danill just because he doesnt have any relations with Red Bull anymore
Liam is most likely
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMNKqnRWc/ is the F1 TikTok admin ok 
Ive just seen 
This feels strange I wont lie
Thats correct
Today feels very very strange
God I just makes me feel sick seeing all the people cheering her death its just horrible
Well if thats the case or not its still not cool to be happy for someones death
Thanks guys appreciate it
Mate thats a great idea love it
The first set of stars should be there as he said screwed me not any swear words so its just TV directors being over dramatic
Traditions 
Kinda W I guess
Just for respect the funeral isnt for another 12 days I think
Mourning
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CiSmqvJjdsJ/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y= I know its very off topic can any Dutch here confirm 
4! Jesus Christ Ive never seen anything like it before
Damn in the U.K. we consider downing 1 beer a challenge 
And you mfs are doing 4
Oh right the U.K. ones are full pints
Nah your trippin
Thats crazy  even the biggest junkies in the wouldnt do that 
I was referring to the junkies in the UK..
This message was deleted
I originally thought that but it is confirmed now that max will start P7
No it wasnt Ive now deleted it to avoid confusion
Cant wait for all the Brazilian flags in the comments section now..
Yes
Those things are fun I went on one at Silverstone and its hella good fun
Thats pre-penalties
What is going on with these 10 second stop/ go penalties in F2
I completely agree
I love it when races have flight displays
Damn I must be behind
Bruh Lewis 
Bro why is Charles on the medium and not the hard
Fair enough
5 seconds for Kmag
Leaving track and gaining an advantage
Shes just as bored as the rest of us 
No one does
Charles still could win this you know
He needs to make up 19 seconds
Why?
What a move from Lewis

Wowowow what a move from Mick
Oh Ferrari
Red Bull pit
Fastest lap
No way
It happened
Dude stop with all caps
Wait could George win this!?
Never mind max can make a free stop
Will race finish behind safety car??
Last lap shootout 
God damn it
Its stuck in gear
The car needs lifting so it needs to be red flag
Cars unlappijg themselves
Traditions
Bruh this is bs
Charles is all of us right now
Nyck driver of the day
Im disappointed with race control
It shouldve been a red flag and have a Baku 2021
NYCK P9!!!!!
My god the boos 
Fr
Nyck on the radio just said his shoulders are dead 
He could win it next race mathematically
God the tifosi are worse than us brits with the boos

Id hope so
Bruh this aint no god damn Fortnite
Good one 
But next year hell retire from the race 
https://twitter.com/fiftybucksvt/status/1568970100656553985?s=46&t=TODk2WmofeM0yNT6orw7yg Lewis tho 
Singapore in 3 weeks time
Delete this now
Haha I use that app its well good
Damn I thought mine was bad 
At least my wallpaper makes up for it I guess
Haha
Ikr
OTD back in 2008 Sebastian Vettel won the Italian Grand Prix for Torro Rosso claiming his and the teams first victory
We can try but McLaren will find a way to fuck that up to 
Why just why.
Amazing 
https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMFJjXjjP/  just a joke 
Damn will do
Finally he gets his freedom from RB
I played along this time 
Yes confirmed
Personally I think its to many but thats just my opinion
Latifi 
English only please mate
Its in the rules
And its taking so long to build 
I cant wait for it to be finished however I dont know where Ill put it its kinda large
What could it be any ideas guys ?
Imagine haha
Oh what a beauty
That wasnt his fault tho
The brake disc exploded
She just deleted it.
Reddit is going to kill me
Damn thats clean
Zhou staying for 2023 !
Yep it was 
Ok this needs to happen 
Fucking hell people like this just need to shut the fuck up
1000 times better
Ive got 3 hehe
I know where there is going 
Typical Logan Paul still cant believe I used to like him 
As a gamer having played all the Halo games I love it
Just saying this is not what he properly said its been altered Ill find the tweet
https://twitter.com/premystic/status/1575453775375962112?s=46&t=jYoPQEDYVMTJciHY6C-bOQ
Here
Read the thread properly before commenting
.
How he even said himself he didnt enjoy winning championships with X amount of races
Where the fuck did that come from P1!!!!
Im sorry WHAT!?
https://twitter.com/ryanair/status/1575821759323901952?s=46&t=f_n71NS6fOaslANlIYetPQ 
He is
Oh never mind its George 
Now Lewis is out
Russel out in Q2 P11

My god Lewis could get pole position and Im not lying about that either
Fuel
Only a couple of weeks so not nearly as long as I originally thought
You can request them on the website which is what I did
Damn that sucks
Im still waiting for my HAAS and Alpine cards there taking longer
Oh very nice I shouldve got a VB card but I didnt 
Cool imma buy a frame as well to put mine up
I might put them next to my big old LH flag haha
https://www.instagram.com/reel/CjLa_ToNR31/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=
Legend 
https://www.mercedesamgf1.com/en/imprint/contact-en there you go
Oh my god Ive just seen the race is delayed by an hour 
Rain ffs
Cars in the pitlane!!!!!
Seems to be a mix of inters and X-wets
It will be
When!!!
I saw max lock up and use the escape road but not crash
Bro you gave everyone a heart attack haha
Because max isnt winning? Thought so
Dude Im only kidding haha
But tbf there isnt much action at all
Russel on medium?
F in the chat for Williams
Nooooo
VSC
What was Lewis doing bro WTF was max doing
FUCKKKKK
Russel purple S2
Slick time
My god Lewis is lucky he didnt DNF
Lewis in pits
Yuki in the wall
Surely a safety car
It was long however Im so happy for Checo, McLaren and Aston Martin
https://twitter.com/ocsebvettel/status/1576700895001071616?s=46&t=taiqxY36ddSi3LdAGqawcw RIP Dietrich Mateschitz
Thanks it took so long to do haha
But thats another F1 car added to the fleet
Ye but Ive found a place to put and I looks cool there
And it dwarfs my Lego Merc 
It cost 169.99
The stars really did align for Checo
Nice 
Ur not the only one
This is really tense
Cost cap compliance
Tell me Im not the only one constantly refreshing Twitter 
This message was deleted
Good morning haha
Hes through into Q2
Gasly out 

Hahaha the Ferrari sign
Holy fuck that top 3 is close
Im happy for Seb tho 
To relatable
Morning people
Somehow I managed to wake up in time for the race
I feel sorry for u guys
Probably the title
Alright its time, prepare you anuss for a bonkers race
Nooooo Seb
Sinalla Sainz
Wait why red flag ?
We better not be waiting for an hour
Fr
If I can drive in rain this heavy on F1 22 then the drivers can drive in this
They fucking better or Im raiding the FIA building
Hahaha
Dont forget the top hat
Might as well go to sleep with this red flag haha
Bruh were going be waiting a while
And he did
No not half points again
Fuck this Im going to get a cup of tea
Only the best
https://twitter.com/fiagirly/status/1578981405203529728?s=46&t=e4cUBXpw9plkzhZPGUS2fA Oh my god no wonder hes pissed
Ill never forget that day 
FUCK OFF REALLY
Fuck this Im getting food now
Oh my god Im pissed
If this was Charlie Whiting the race would be going 
Fr
Off to raid the FIA building
If I woke up a 5am just for 3 laps of racing I will cry
Same bro
Wait they actually exist I thought they were a myth 
https://www.instagram.com/tv/Cje1T7OAtel/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y= oof
Gasly summoned to the stewards
Wait he does ? I had no clue
Wow thats epic 
Probably Simon Lazenby
Haha McLaren play UNO
Conditions I think
I just want to see some racing man
True
Its her job tho
Lmao I can hear the Japanese track commentator having the time of his life
Bro 
That Lego hat was epic
Japan does it best
My man is about raid the FIA building himself 
Its been 2 hours since initial lights out.
Dont blame ya
Get Mazepin to do it
Ted and Crofty think its easing up
Wont even be that
LETS FUCKING GO
@31631272812
You get your wish
EVERYONE WAKE UP OR STAY AWAKE !!!!
Yessir
Yeah dont do that 
In the words of The Great Kimi, Fucking Finally
https://twitter.com/videoreacts/status/1579002202554650624?s=46&t=e4cUBXpw9plkzhZPGUS2fA Broooo come on FIA
Lets do this boys
Nobody fuck up please
Track is pretty good according to LH on team radio
Yesss it was worth waking up at 5am after all 
Bruh
Oh yes
We get some racing
Nobody (Latifi) fuck up 
Or wrong turn
Just doing goat stuff
Come on Fernando
MICK P3
Stop the count
Max is flying
Go on Kevin what a move
WAIT LOOK AT LATIFI
P9!!!!
When Mick pits thatll be P8
Charles fastest lap now
Half I think

Latifi
It will probably be max tho tbh
Bro max entered X-Games mode
Damn this battle is intense
My boy Latifi doing work
Not 100%
Winner 19
LATIFI!!!!!
Latifi finally got points
No bc of Perez
Charles has been noted
He locked up
Nope
Hes been noted but not being investigated
Now there investigating I must have a delay on my stream
RB 1,2
No bc Perez
Next race tho hell win it 100%
Wait he is
@31631272812
So is he champ or not?
SV driver of the day
He is champ
Seb
Bruh these people sometimes make me hate being part of TeamLH
Holy shit I forgot that was today thanks for reminding me about my notifications
Bruh my phone is dinging like mad what on earth is going on
Bruh
Just leave it at this point ITS OVER
Its bonkers still going on about last year let it rest now my god sake EVEN I HAVE GOT OVER IT NOW FFS
Mf 
Bro Im a Lewis fan 
I have over a grands worth of LH merch 
Im really a max fan arent I
God no I wear the Union Flag with pride
Amen
Wait we all friends now again
Jasper I hate you 
Hello there
Fine go on
I can take dark humor
BRUHHHH
You son of a bitch 
Nah alls good
I used to get bullied about my nose all the time but now idgaf really haha
But damn that was a good one
It is what it is
Yes thats just insulting
Im not
Dude stop its fine, its only banta im not offended haha
Oh my god from a front facing angle Masi looks like my college tutor 
Haas 2023 line up should be Masi and Mazepin
2 goats
Fr Latifi is only good enough for 3rd driver
He should do basket ball have u seen his skills
I get that hahaha
?
No its fake af
.
Not yet but there are times
Dude stop your making me hungry while on a diet 
Good race that one 
Nah Fr
That bonkers
Just imagine tho if it was his 11th win
null
ADMINS!!!!
Haha amazing
Every Mercedes fans wet dream
Not gonna get me I never trust the sun 
https://twitter.com/leagueracingooc/status/1580295146351996928?s=46&t=Ab19FxnDxStOOZ_beN8q8A nah this is to funny 

